CCNA 200-301 - SNMP, Syslog, and NetFlow
==================================================

1. Which action is taken by a switch port enabled for PoE power classification override?
A. When a powered device begins drawing power from a PoE switch port a syslog message is generated
B. As power usage on a PoE switch port is checked data flow to the connected device is temporarily paused
C. If a switch determines that a device is using less than the minimum configured power it assumes the device has failed and disconnects
*D. Should a monitored port exceeds the maximum administrative value for power, the port is shutdown and err-disabled

2. Which condition must be met before an NMS handles an SNMP trap from an agent?
*A. The NMS software must be loaded with the MIB associated with the trap.
B. The NMS must be configured on the same router as the SNMP agent
C. The NMS must receive a trap and an inform message from the SNMP agent within a configured interval
D. The NMS must receive the same trap from two different SNMP agents to verify that it is reliable.

3. What Is a syslog facility?
A. Host that is configured for the system to send log messages
B. password that authenticates a Network Management System to receive log messages
*C. group of log messages associated with the configured severity level
D. set of values that represent the processes that can generate a log message

4. What benefit does controller-based networking provide versus traditional networking?
A. moves from a two-tier to a three-tier network architecture to provide maximum redundancy
B. provides an added layer of security to protect from DDoS attacks
*C. allows configuration and monitoring of the network from one centralized port
D. combines control and data plane functionality on a single device to minimize latency

5. An engineering team asks an implementer to configure syslog for warning conditions and error conditions. Which command does the implementer configure to achieve the desired result?
A. logging trap 5
B. logging trap 2
*C. logging trap 4
D. logging trap 3

6. A network engineer must back up 20 network router configurations globally within a customer environment. Which protocol allows the engineer to perform this function using the Cisco IOS MIB?
A. CDP
*B. SNMP
C. SMTP
D. ARP

7. How does Cisco DNA Center gather data from the network?
*A. Network devices use different services like SNMP, syslog, and streaming telemetry to send data to the controller
B. Devices establish an iPsec tunnel to exchange data with the controller
C. Devices use the call-home protocol to periodically send data to the controller.
D. The Cisco CU Analyzer tool gathers data from each licensed network device and streams it to the controller.

8. What facilitates a Telnet connection between devices by entering the device name?
A. SNMP
*B. DNS lookup
C. syslog
D. NTP

9. If a notice-level messaging is sent to a syslog server, which event has occurred?
A. A network device has restarted
B. An ARP inspection has failed
*C. A routing instance has flapped
D. A debug operation is running

10. What protocol allows an engineer to back up 20 network router configurations globally while using the copy function?
A. SMTP
*B. SNMP
C. TCP
D. FTP

11. On workstations running Microsoft Windows, which protocol provides the default gateway for the device?
*A. DHCP
B. STP
C. SNMP
D. DNS

12. A network engineer must back up 20 network router configurations globally within a customer environment. Which protocol allows the engineer to perform this function using the Cisco IOS MIB?
A. CDP
*B. SNMP
C. SMTP
D. ARP

13. What are two fundamentals of virtualization? (choose two)
A. The environment must be configured with one hypervisor that serves solely as a network manager to monitor SNMP traffic
*B. It allows logical network devices to move traffic between virtual machines and the rest of the physical network
*C. It allows multiple operating systems and applications to run independently on one physical server.
D. It allows a physical router to directly connect NICs from each virtual machine into the network
E. It requires that some servers, virtual machines and network gear reside on the Internet

14. What event has occurred if a router sends a notice level message to a syslog server?
A. A TCP connection has been torn down
B. An ICMP connection has been built
*C. An interface line has changed status
D. A certificate has expired.

15. What protocol allows an engineer to back up 20 network router configurations globally while using the copy function?
A. SMTP
*B. SNMP
C. TCP
D. FTP

16. What facilitates a Telnet connection between devices by entering the device name?
A. SNMP
*B. DNS lookup
C. syslog
D. NTP

17. How does Cisco DNA Center gather data from the network?
*A. Network devices use different services like SNMP, syslog, and streaming telemetry to send data to the controller
B. Devices establish an iPsec tunnel to exchange data with the controller
C. Devices use the call-home protocol to periodically send data to the controller.
D. The Cisco CU Analyzer tool gathers data from each licensed network device and streams it to the controller.

18. An engineering team asks an implementer to configure syslog for warning conditions and error conditions. Which command does the implementer configure to achieve the desired result?
A. logging trap 5
B. logging trap 2
*C. logging trap 4
D. logging trap 3

19. On workstations running Microsoft Windows, which protocol provides the default gateway for the device?
*A. DHCP
B. STP
C. SNMP
D. DNS

20. If a notice-level messaging is sent to a syslog server, which event has occurred?
A. A network device has restarted
B. An ARP inspection has failed
*C. A routing instance has flapped
D. A debug operation is running

21. Which condition must be met before an NMS handles an SNMP trap from an agent?
*A. The NMS software must be loaded with the MIB associated with the trap.
B. The NMS must be configured on the same router as the SNMP agent
C. The NMS must receive a trap and an inform message from the SNMP agent within a configured interval
D. The NMS must receive the same trap from two different SNMP agents to verify that it is reliable.

22. What is a role of access points in an enterprise network?
*A. connect wireless devices to a wired network
B. support secure user logins to devices or the network
C. integrate with SNMP in preventing DDoS attacks
D. serve as a first line of defense in an enterprise network

23. What benefit does controller-based networking provide versus traditional networking?
A. moves from a two-tier to a three-tier network architecture to provide maximum redundancy
B. provides an added layer of security to protect from DDoS attacks
*C. allows configuration and monitoring of the network from one centralized port
D. combines control and data plane functionality on a single device to minimize latency

24. Which function does an SNMP agent perform?
*A. it sends information about MIB variables in response to requests from the NMS
B. it requests information from remote network nodes about catastrophic system events.
C. it manages routing between Layer 3 devices in a network
D. it coordinates user authentication between a network device and a TACACS+ or RADIUS server

25. When deploying syslog, which severity level logs informational message?
A. 0
B. 2
C. 4
*D. 6

26. What Is a syslog facility?
A. Host that is configured for the system to send log messages
B. password that authenticates a Network Management System to receive log messages
*C. group of log messages associated with the configured severity level
D. set of values that represent the processes that can generate a log message

27. Which action is taken by a switch port enabled for PoE power classification override?
A. When a powered device begins drawing power from a PoE switch port a syslog message is generated
B. As power usage on a PoE switch port is checked data flow to the connected device is temporarily paused
C. If a switch determines that a device is using less than the minimum configured power it assumes the device has failed and disconnects
*D. Should a monitored port exceeds the maximum administrative value for power, the port is shutdown and err-disabled

28. Which technology must be implemented to configure network device monitoring with the highest security?
A. IP SLA
B. syslog
*C. NetFlow
D. SNMPv3

29. What describes a northbound REST API for SON?
A. application-facing interface for SNMP GET requests
B. network-element-facing interface for GET POST PUT and DELETE methods
C. network-element-facing interface for the control and data planes
*D. application-facing interface far GET, POST, PUT, and DELETE methods

30. Which protocol does a REST API use to communicate?
A. SSH
B. SNMP
*C. HTTP
D. STP

31. What is the role of syslog level 7 in network device health monitoring?
A. It provides information about error conditions visible on the network device.
B. It shares normal operational messages from the network equipment.
*C. It sends outputs from various debug commands on the device.
D. It warns about emergency conditions on the network appliance.

32. What is the difference between SNMP traps and SNMP polling?
A. SNMP traps are used for proactive monitoring, and SNMP polling is used for reactive monitoring.
*B. SNMP traps send periodic updates via the MIB, and SNMP polling sends data on demand.
C. SNMP traps are initiated by the network management system, and network devices initiate SNMP polling.
D. SNMP traps are initiated using a push model at the network device, and SNMP polling is initiated at the server.

33. Which event has occurred if a router sends a notice level message to a syslog server?
A. An ICMP connection has been built
B. A certificate has expired
*C. An interface line has changed status
D. A TCP connection has been torn down

34. What is the role of SNMP in the network?
A. to monitor network devices and functions using a TCP underlay that operates on the presentation layer
B. to collect data directly from network devices using an SSL underlay that operates on the transport layer
*C. to monitor and manage network devices using a UDP underlay that operates on the application layer
D. to collect telemetry and critical information from network devices using an SSH underlay that operates on the network layer

35. Which protocol does Ansible use to push modules to nodes in a network?
*A. SSH
B. SNMP
C. Kerberos
D. Telnet

36. Which protocol is implemented when an organization must verify network performance, troubleshoot issues, and use an agent to communicate between monitoring tools and end devices?
A. SNMP
B. FTP
C. NTP
*D. NFS

37. Which syslog severity level is considered the most severe and results in the system being considered unusable?
A. Alert
B. Error
*C. Emergency
D. Critical

38. Which command implies the use of SNMPv3?
A. snmp-server host
*B. snmp-server community
C. snmp-server enable traps
D. snmp-server user

39. What is the role of community strings in SNMP operations?
A. It serves as a sequence tag on SNMP traffic messages.
*B. It serves as a password lo protect access to MIB objects.
C. It passes the Active Directory username and password that are required for device access
D. It translates alphanumeric MIB output values to numeric values.

40. A network administrator wants the syslog server to filter incoming messages into different files based on their Importance. Which filtering criteria must be used?
*A. level
B. message body
C. process ID
D. facility

41. How does authentication differ from authorization?
*A. Authentication verifies the identity of a person accessing a network, and authorization determines what resource a user can access.
B. Authentication is used to record what resource a user accesses, and authorization is used to determine what resources a user can access
C. Authentication is used to determine what resources a user is allowed to access, and authorization is used to track what equipment is allowed access to the network
D. Authentication is used to verify a person's identity, and authorization is used to create syslog messages for logins.

42. What is the purpose of configuring different levels of syslog for different devices on the network?
A. to rate-limit messages for different seventy levels from each device
*B. to set the severity of syslog messages from each device
C. to identify the source from which each syslog message originated
D. to control the number of syslog messages from different devices that are stored locally

43. Which two transport layer protocols carry syslog messages? (Choose two.)
*A. UDP
B. RTP
*C. TCP
D. IP
E. ARP

44. Which fact must the engineer consider when implementing syslog on a new network?
A. Syslog defines the software or hardware component that triggered the message.
B. There are 16 different logging levels (0-15).
C. By default, all message levels are sent to the syslog server.
*D. The logging level defines the severity of a particular message.

45. Which role does AI play in monitoring network data flow?
*A. It analyzes patterns for anomaly detection.
B. It exclusively predicts device malfunctions.
C. It simplifies traffic route mapping.
D. It enhances data packet delivery speeds.

46. Which syslog message logging level displays interface line protocol up/down events?
A. Informational
B. debugging
C. alerts
*D. notifications

47. How does automation leverage data models to reduce the operational complexity of a managed network?
A. Reduces the response time for specific requests to devices with many interfaces
B. Categorizes traffic and provides insights
*C. Allows the controller to be vendor-agnostic
D. Streamlines monitoring using SNMP and other polling tools

48. Which action prevents debug messages from being sent via syslog while allowing other messages when an abnormally high number of syslog messages are generated by a device with the debug process turned on?
A. Use an access list to filter out the syslog messages.
B. Turn off the logging monitor in global configuration mode.
C. Disable logging to the console.
*D. Set the logging trap severity level to informational.

