CCNA 200-301 - FHRP - First Hop Redundancy Protocols
==================================================

1. When the active router in an HSRP group fails, what router assumes the role and forwards packets?
A. backup
*B. standby
C. listening
D. forwarding

2. How does HSRP provide first hop redundancy?
A. It load-balances traffic by assigning the same metric value to more than one route to the same destination m the IP routing table.
B. It load-balances Layer 2 traffic along the path by flooding traffic out all interfaces configured with the same VLAN.
C. It forwards multiple packets to the same destination over different routed links n the data path
*D. It uses a shared virtual MAC and a virtual IP address to a group of routers that serve as the default gateway for hosts on a LAN

3. What is the benefit of using FHRP?
A. reduced management overhead on network routers
B. balancing traffic across multiple gateways in proportion to their loads
*C. higher degree of availability
D. reduced ARP traffic on the network

4. Which two outcomes are predictable behaviors for HSRP? (Choose two.)
A. The two routers synchronize configurations to provide consistent packet forwarding
*B. The two routers negotiate one router as the active router and the other as the standby router
C. Each router has a different IP address, both routers act as the default gateway on the LAN, and traffic is load-balanced between them
*D. The two routers share a virtual IP address that is used as the default gateway for devices on the LAN
E. The two routers share the same interface IP address and default gateway traffic is load- balanced between them

5. What is a benefit of VRRP?
A. It provides traffic load balancing to destinations that are more than two hops from the source.
*B. It provides the default gateway redundancy on a LAN using two or more routers.
C. It allows neighbors to share routing table information between each other.
D. It prevents loops in a Layer 2 LAN by forwarding all traffic to a root bridge, which then makes the final forwarding decision.

6. Which virtual MAC address is used by VRRP group 1?
A. 0050.0c05.ad81
B. 0007.c061.bc01
*C. 0000.5E00.0101
D. 0500.3976.6401

7. Which MAC address is recognized as a VRRP virtual address?
*A. 0000.5E00.010a
B. 0005.3711.0975
C. 0000.0C07.AC99
D. 0007.C070/AB01

8. What is the purpose of using First Hop Redundancy Protocol in a specific subnet?
A. Filter traffic based on destination IP addressing
B. Sends the default route to the hosts on a network
C. ensures a loop-free physical topology
*D. forwards multicast hello messages between routers

9. How does HSRP provide first hop redundancy?
A. It load-balances traffic by assigning the same metric value to more than one route to the same destination m the IP routing table.
B. It load-balances Layer 2 traffic along the path by flooding traffic out all interfaces configured with the same VLAN.
C. It forwards multiple packets to the same destination over different routed links n the data path
*D. It uses a shared virtual MAC and a virtual IP address to a group of routers that serve as the default gateway for hosts on a LAN

10. What is the primary purpose of a First Hop Redundancy Protocol?
A. It allows directly connected neighbors to share configuration information.
B. It allows a router to use bridge priorities to create multiple loop-free paths to a single destination.
C. It reduces routing failures by allowing Layer 3 load balancing between OSPF neighbors that have the same link metric.
*D. It reduces routing failures by allowing more than one router to represent itself, as the default gateway of a network.

11. What is the benefit of using FHRP?
A. reduced management overhead on network routers
B. balancing traffic across multiple gateways in proportion to their loads
*C. higher degree of availability
D. reduced ARP traffic on the network

12. Which two outcomes are predictable behaviors for HSRP? (Choose two)
*A. The two routers share a virtual IP address that is used as the default gateway for devices on the LAN.
*B. The two routers negotiate one router as the active router and the other as the standby router
C. Each router has a different IP address both routers act as the default gateway on the LAN, and traffic is load balanced between them.D The two routers synchronize configurations to provide consistent packet forwarding
D. The two routed share the same IP address, and default gateway traffic is load-balanced between them

13. When the active router in an HSRP group fails, what router assumes the role and forwards packets?
A. backup
*B. standby
C. listening
D. forwarding

14. What is the MAC address used with VRRP as a virtual address?
A. 00-00-0C-07-AD-89
*B. 00-00-5E-00-01-0a
C. 00-07-C0-70-AB-01
D. 00-C6-41-93-90-91

15. What are two capabilities provided by VRRP within a LAN network? (Choose two.)
*A. dynamic routing updates
B. bandwidth optimization
*C. granular QoS
D. load sharing
E. redundancy

16. What is a function of the core and distribution layers in a collapsed-core architecture?
A. The router must use IPv4 and IPv6 addresses at Layer 3.
B. The core and distribution layers are deployed on two different devices to enable failover.
C. The router can support HSRP for Layer 2 redundancy in an IPv6 network.
*D. The router operates on a single device or a redundant pair.

17. Which Cisco proprietary protocol ensures traffic recovers immediately, transparently, and automatically when edge devices or access circuits fail?
A. SLB
B. FHRP
C. VRRP
*D. HSRP

18. What is the purpose of using First Hop Redundancy Protocol on a specific subnet?
A. ensures a loop-free physical topology
B. filters traffic based on destination IP addressing
C. sends the default route to the hosts on a network
*D. forwards multicast hello messages between routers

19. What is the benefit of using FHRP (First Hop Redundancy Protocol)?
A. Reduced ARP traffic on the network
B. Balancing traffic across multiple gateways in proportion to their loads
C. Reduced management overhead on network routers
*D. Higher degree of availability

20. Which type of address is shared by routers in a HSRP implementation and used by hosts on the subnet as their default gateway address?
A. multicast address
B. loopback IP address
*C. virtual IP address
D. broadcast address

21. What are two purposes of HSRP? (Choose two.)
*A. It groups two or more routers to operate as one virtual router.
*B. It improves network availability by providing redundant gateways.
C. It passes configuration information to hosts in a TCP/IP network.
D. It helps hosts on the network to reach remote subnets without a default gateway.
E. It provides a mechanism for diskless clients to autoconfigure their IP parameters during boot.

22. Why implement VRRP?
*A. to provide end users with a virtual gateway in a multivendor network
B. to leverage a weighting scheme to provide uninterrupted service
C. to detect link failures without the overhead of Bidirectional Forwarding Detection
D. to hand over to end users the autodiscovery of virtual gateways

23. What provides connection redundancy increased bandwidth and load sharing between a wireless LAN controller and a Layer 2 switch?
A. VLAN trunking
B. tunneling
C. first hop redundancy
*D. link aggregation

24. Why would VRRP be implemented when configuring a new subnet in a multivendor environment?
*A. when a gateway protocol is required that support more than two Cisco devices for redundancy
B. to enable normal operations to continue after a member failure without requiring a change In a host ARP cache
C. to ensure that the spanning-tree forwarding path to the gateway is loop-free
D. to interoperate normally with all vendors and provide additional security features for Cisco devices

25. What is a reason to implement HSRP on a network?
A. to Identify the closest hop to the default gateway In a LAN network
B. to provide load balancing over multiple gateways in a LAN network
C. to optimally route traffic based on the forwarding capacity of the edge routing devices in the LAN network
*D. to ensure that user traffic in a LAN rapidly recovers from the failure of an edge routing device

26. Which type of protocol is VRRP?
A. uses dynamic IP address assignment
B. allows two or more routers to act as a default gateway
C. uses a destination IP address 224.0.0.102 for router-to-router communication
*D. uses Cisco-proprietary First Hop Redundancy Protocol

27. When deploying a new network that includes both Cisco and third-party network devices, which redundancy protocol avoids the interruption of network traffic if the default gateway router fails?
A. FHRP
B. HSRP
C. GLBP
*D. VRRP

