CCNA 200-301 - SDN and Network Automation
==================================================

1. Which two network actions occur within the data plane? (Choose two.)
A. Add or remove an 802.1Q trunking header.
*B. Make a configuration change from an incoming NETCONF RPC.
C. Run routing protocols.
*D. Match the destination MAC address to the MAC address table.
E. Reply to an incoming ICMP echo request.

2. What is an expected outcome when network management automation is deployed?
A. A distributed management plane must be used.
*B. Software upgrades are performed from a central controller
C. Complexity increases when new device configurations are added
D. Custom applications are needed to configure network devices

3. What is a function of a Next-Generation IPS?
A. makes forwarding decisions based on learned MAC addresses
B. serves as a controller within a controller-based network
C. integrates with a RADIUS server to enforce Layer 2 device authentication rules
*D. correlates user activity with network events

4. Which networking function occurs on the data plane?
*A. forwarding remote client/server traffic
B. facilitates spanning-tree elections
C. processing inbound SSH management traffic
D. sending and receiving OSPF Hello packets

5. What benefit does controller-based networking provide versus traditional networking?
A. moves from a two-tier to a three-tier network architecture to provide maximum redundancy
B. provides an added layer of security to protect from DDoS attacks
*C. allows configuration and monitoring of the network from one centralized port
D. combines control and data plane functionality on a single device to minimize latency

6. Which two primary drivers support the need for network automation? (Choose two.)
A. Eliminating training needs
B. Increasing reliance on self-diagnostic and self-healing
*C. Policy-derived provisioning of resources
*D. Providing a ship entry point for resource provisioning
E. Reducing hardware footprint

7. Where is the interface between the control plane and data plane within the software- defined architecture?
*A. control layer and the infrastructure layer
B. application layer and the infrastructure layer
C. application layer and the management layer
D. control layer and the application layer

8. Which JSON data type is an unordered set of attribute- value pairs?
A. array
B. string
*C. object
D. Boolean

9. What are two characteristics of a controller-based network? (Choose two)
A. The administrator can make configuration updates from the CLI
*B. It uses northbound and southbound APIs to communicate between architectural layers
*C. It moves the control plane to a central point.
D. It decentralizes the control plane, which allows each device to make its own forwarding decisions
E. It uses Telnet to report system issues.

10. [Exhibit] After running the code in the exhibit, which step reduces the amount of data that the NETCONF server returns to the NETCONF client, to only the interface\'s configuration?
A. Use the Ixml library to parse the data returned by the NETCONF server for the interface\'s configuration.
B. Create an XML filter as a string and pass it to get_config() method as an argument.
C. Create a JSON filter as a string and pass it to the get_config() method as an argument.
*D. Use the JSON library to parse the data returned by the NETCONF server for the interface\'s configuration.

11. What uses HTTP messages to transfer data to applications residing on different hosts?
A. OpenFlow
B. OpenStack
C. OpFlex
*D. REST

12. What is an advantage of Cisco DNA Center versus traditional campus device management?
*A. It supports numerous extensibility options including cross-domain adapters and third- party SDKs.
B. It supports high availability for management functions when operating in cluster mode.
C. It enables easy autodiscovery of network elements m a brownfield deployment.
D. It is designed primarily to provide network assurance.

13. which purpose does a northbound API serve in a controller-based networking architecture?
A. communicates between the controller and the physical network hardware
B. reports device errors to a controller
C. generates statistics for network hardware and traffic
*D. facilitates communication between the controller and the applications

14. Which two encoding methods are supported by REST APIs? (Choose two)
A. YAML
*B. JSON
C. EBCDIC
D. SGML
*E. XML

15. What are two southbound APIs? (Choose two )
*A. OpenFlow
*B. NETCONF
C. Thrift
D. CORBA
E. DSC

16. What is the function of a controller in controller-based networking?
*A. It serves as the centralized management point of an SDN architecture.
B. It centralizes the data plane for the network.
C. It is the card on a core router that maintains all routing decisions for a campus.
D. It is a pair of core routers that maintain all routing decisions for a campus

17. Which two events occur automatically when a device is added to Cisco DNA Center? (Choose two. )
*A. The device Is assigned to the Global site.
*B. The device Is placed into the Unmanaged state.
C. The device is placed into the Provisioned state.
D. The device is placed into the Managed state.
E. The device is assigned to the Local site.

18. [Exhibit] Which type of configuration is represented in the output?
A. Ansible
B. JSON
C. Chef
*D. Puppet

19. Which HTTP status code is returned after a successful REST API request?
*A. 200
B. 301
C. 404
D. 500

20. How does Cisco DNA Center gather data from the network?
*A. Network devices use different services like SNMP, syslog, and streaming telemetry to send data to the controller
B. Devices establish an iPsec tunnel to exchange data with the controller
C. Devices use the call-home protocol to periodically send data to the controller.
D. The Cisco CU Analyzer tool gathers data from each licensed network device and streams it to the controller.

21. What are two functions of an SDN controller? (Choose two)
A. Layer 2 forwarding
*B. coordinating VTNs
C. tracking hosts
*D. managing the topology
E. protecting against DDoS attacks

22. Which option about JSON is true?
A. uses predefined tags or angle brackets () to delimit markup text
*B. used to describe structured data that includes arrays
C. used for storing information
D. similar to HTML, it is more verbose than XML

23. Which technology is appropriate for communication between an SDN controller and applications running over the network?
A. OpenFlow
*B. REST API
C. NETCONF
D. Southbound API

24. Which output displays a JSON data representation?
A. Option A
B. Option B
*C. Option C
D. Option D

25. What are two fundamentals of virtualization? (choose two)
A. The environment must be configured with one hypervisor that serves solely as a network manager to monitor SNMP traffic
*B. It allows logical network devices to move traffic between virtual machines and the rest of the physical network
*C. It allows multiple operating systems and applications to run independently on one physical server.
D. It allows a physical router to directly connect NICs from each virtual machine into the network
E. It requires that some servers, virtual machines and network gear reside on the Internet

26. What are two functions of an SDN controller? (Choose two)
A. Layer 2 forwarding
*B. coordinating VTNs
C. tracking hosts
*D. managing the topology
E. protecting against DDoS attacks

27. What uses HTTP messages to transfer data to applications residing on different hosts?
A. OpenFlow
B. OpenStack
C. OpFlex
*D. REST

28. What is the function of a controller in controller-based networking?
*A. It serves as the centralized management point of an SDN architecture.
B. It centralizes the data plane for the network.
C. It is the card on a core router that maintains all routing decisions for a campus.
D. It is a pair of core routers that maintain all routing decisions for a campus

29. [Exhibit] After running the code in the exhibit, which step reduces the amount of data that the NETCONF server returns to the NETCONF client, to only the interface's configuration?
A. Use the Ixml library to parse the data returned by the NETCONF server for the interface's configuration.
B. Create an XML filter as a string and pass it to get_config() method as an argument.
C. Create a JSON filter as a string and pass it to the get_config() method as an argument.
*D. Use the JSON library to parse the data returned by the NETCONF server for the interface's configuration.

30. How does Cisco DNA Center gather data from the network?
*A. Network devices use different services like SNMP, syslog, and streaming telemetry to send data to the controller
B. Devices establish an iPsec tunnel to exchange data with the controller
C. Devices use the call-home protocol to periodically send data to the controller.
D. The Cisco CU Analyzer tool gathers data from each licensed network device and streams it to the controller.

31. Which network action occurs within the data plane?
*A. compare the destination IP address to the IP routing table.
B. run routing protocols (OSPF, EIGRP, RIP, BGP)
C. make a configuration change from an incoming NETCONF RPC
D. reply to an incoming ICMP echo request

32. What is a function of the Cisco DNA Center Overall Health Dashboard?
*A. It provides a summary of the top 10 global issues.
B. It provides detailed activity logging for the 10 devices and users on the network.
C. It summarizes the operational status of each wireless devise on the network.
D. It summarizes daily and weekly CPU usage for servers and workstations in the network.

33. Which CRUD operation modifies an existing table or view?
A. read
B. create
C. replace
*D. update

34. Which two encoding methods are supported by REST APIs? (Choose two)
A. YAML
*B. JSON
C. EBCDIC
D. SGML
*E. XML

35. What are two benefits of controller-based networking compared to traditional networking?
A. controller-based increases network bandwidth usage, while traditional lightens the load on the network.
B. controller-based inflates software costs, while traditional decreases individual licensing costs
*C. Controller-based reduces network configuration complexity, while traditional increases the potential for errors
*D. Controller-based provides centralization of key IT functions. While traditional requires distributes management function
E. controller-based allows for fewer network failure, while traditional increases failure rates.

36. [Exhibit] Which type of configuration is represented in the output?
A. Ansible
B. JSON
C. Chef
*D. Puppet

37. What is a role of wireless controllers in an enterprise network?
*A. centralize the management of access points in an enterprise network
B. support standalone or controller-based architectures
C. serve as the first line of defense in an enterprise network
D. provide secure user logins to devices on the network.

38. What software defined architecture plane assists network devices with making packet- forwarding decisions by providing Layer 2 reachability and Layer 3 routing information?
A. data plane
*B. control plane
C. policy plane
D. management plane

39. Which two components are needed to create an Ansible script that configures a VLAN on a switch? (Choose two.)
A. cookbook
B. task
*C. playbook
*D. model
E. recipe

40. Which option about JSON is true?
A. uses predefined tags or angle brackets () to delimit markup text
*B. used to describe structured data that includes arrays
C. used for storing information
D. similar to HTML, it is more verbose than XML

41. In software defined architectures, which plane is distributed and responsible for traffic forwarding?
A. management plane
B. control plane
C. policy plane
*D. data plane

42. Which API is used in controller-based architectures to interact with edge devices?
A. overlay
B. northbound
C. underlay
*D. southbound

43. Which two events occur automatically when a device is added to Cisco DNA Center? (Choose two. )
*A. The device Is assigned to the Global site.
*B. The device Is placed into the Unmanaged state.
C. The device is placed into the Provisioned state.
D. The device is placed into the Managed state.
E. The device is assigned to the Local site.

44. Which two capacities of Cisco DNA Center make it more extensible as compared to traditional campus device management? (Choose two)
A. adapters that support all families of Cisco IOS software
*B. SDKs that support interaction with third-party network equipment
C. customized versions for small, medium, and large enterprises
*D. REST APIs that allow for external applications to interact natively with Cisco DNA Center
E. modular design that is upgradable as needed

45. What are two southbound APIs? (Choose two )
*A. OpenFlow
*B. NETCONF
C. Thrift
D. CORBA
E. DSC

46. What is an advantage of Cisco DNA Center versus traditional campus device management?
*A. It supports numerous extensibility options including cross-domain adapters and third- party SDKs.
B. It supports high availability for management functions when operating in cluster mode.
C. It enables easy autodiscovery of network elements m a brownfield deployment.
D. It is designed primarily to provide network assurance.

47. Which HTTP status code is returned after a successful REST API request?
*A. 200
B. 301
C. 404
D. 500

48. which purpose does a northbound API serve in a controller-based networking architecture?
A. communicates between the controller and the physical network hardware
B. reports device errors to a controller
C. generates statistics for network hardware and traffic
*D. facilitates communication between the controller and the applications

49. What are two improvements provided by automation for network management in an SDN environment? (Choose two)
A. Data collection and analysis tools establish a baseline for the network
*B. Artificial intelligence identifies and prevents potential design failures.
C. Machine learning minimizes the overall error rate when automating troubleshooting processes
D. New devices are onboarded with minimal effort
*E. Proprietary Cisco APIs leverage multiple network management tools.

50. What is the purpose of a southbound API in a control based networking architecture?
A. Facilities communication between the controller and the applications
*B. Facilities communication between the controller and the networking hardware
C. allows application developers to interact with the network
D. integrates a controller with other automation and orchestration tools.

51. Which CRUD operation corresponds to the HTTP GET method?
*A. read
B. update
C. create
D. delete

52. What are two benefits of network automation? (Choose two)
*A. reduced operational costs
B. reduced hardware footprint
*C. faster changes with more reliable results
D. fewer network failures
E. increased network security

53. Which networking function occurs on the data plane?
*A. forwarding remote client/server traffic
B. facilitates spanning-tree elections
C. processing inbound SSH management traffic
D. sending and receiving OSPF Hello packets

54. Which type of API allows SDN controllers to dynamically make changes to the network?
A. northbound API
B. REST API
C. SOAP API
*D. southbound API

55. What makes Cisco DNA Center different from traditional network management applications and their management of networks?
A. It omits supports auto-discovery of network elements in a greenfield deployment.
B. It modular design allows someone to implement different versions to meet the specific needs of an organization
*C. It abstracts policy from the actual device configuration
D. It does not support high availability of management functions when operating in cluster mode

56. Which statement correctly compares traditional networks and controller-based networks?
A. Only traditional networks offer a centralized control plane
B. Only traditional networks natively support centralized management
C. Traditional and controller-based networks abstract policies from device configurations
*D. Only controller-based networks decouple the control plane and the data plane

57. Which JSON data type is an unordered set of attribute- value pairs?
A. array
B. string
*C. object
D. Boolean

58. Which plane is centralized by an SDN controller?
A. management-plane
*B. control-plane
C. data-plane
D. services-plane

59. Which configuration management mechanism uses TCP port 22 by default when communicating with managed nodes?
*A. Ansible
B. Python
C. Puppet
D. Chef

60. What benefit does controller-based networking provide versus traditional networking?
A. moves from a two-tier to a three-tier network architecture to provide maximum redundancy
B. provides an added layer of security to protect from DDoS attacks
*C. allows configuration and monitoring of the network from one centralized port
D. combines control and data plane functionality on a single device to minimize latency

61. What does an SDN controller use as a communication protocol to relay forwarding changes to a southbound API?
*A. OpenFlow
B. Java
C. REST
D. XML

62. What are two characteristics of a controller-based network? (Choose two)
A. The administrator can make configuration updates from the CLI
*B. It uses northbound and southbound APIs to communicate between architectural layers
*C. It moves the control plane to a central point.
D. It decentralizes the control plane, which allows each device to make its own forwarding decisions
E. It uses Telnet to report system issues.

63. Which communication interaction takes place when a southbound API Is used?
A. between the SDN controller and PCs on the network
*B. between the SON controller and switches and routers on the network
C. between the SON controller and services and applications on the network
D. between network applications and switches and routers on the network

64. With REST API, which standard HTTP header tells a server which media type is expected by the client?
A. Accept-Encoding: gzip. deflate
B. Accept-Patch: text/example; charset=utf-8
C. Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
*D. Accept: application/json

65. Which network plane is centralized and manages routing decisions?
A. policy plane
B. management plane
*C. control plane
D. data plane

66. How do traditional campus device management and Cisco DNA Center device management differ in regards to deployment?
*A. Cisco DNA Center device management can deploy a network more quickly than traditional campus device management
B. Traditional campus device management allows a network to scale more quickly than with Cisco DNA Center device management
C. Cisco DNA Center device management can be implemented at a lower cost than most traditional campus device management options
D. Traditional campus device management schemes can typically deploy patches and updates more quickly than Cisco DNA Center device management

67. Which two primary drivers support the need for network automation? (Choose two.)
A. Eliminating training needs
B. Increasing reliance on self-diagnostic and self-healing
*C. Policy-derived provisioning of resources
*D. Providing a ship entry point for resource provisioning
E. Reducing hardware footprint

68. Which two network actions occur within the data plane? (Choose two.)
A. Add or remove an 802.1Q trunking header.
*B. Make a configuration change from an incoming NETCONF RPC.
C. Run routing protocols.
*D. Match the destination MAC address to the MAC address table.
E. Reply to an incoming ICMP echo request.

69. What is a function of a Next-Generation IPS?
A. makes forwarding decisions based on learned MAC addresses
B. serves as a controller within a controller-based network
C. integrates with a RADIUS server to enforce Layer 2 device authentication rules
*D. correlates user activity with network events

70. Which action is taken by the data plane within a network device?
*A. forwards traffic to the next hop
B. constructs a routing table based on a routing protocol
C. provides CLI access to the network device
D. looks up an egress interface in the forwarding information base

71. What is an expected outcome when network management automation is deployed?
A. A distributed management plane must be used.
*B. Software upgrades are performed from a central controller
C. Complexity increases when new device configurations are added
D. Custom applications are needed to configure network devices

72. What describes a northbound REST API for SON?
A. application-facing interface for SNMP GET requests
B. network-element-facing interface for GET POST PUT and DELETE methods
C. network-element-facing interface for the control and data planes
*D. application-facing interface far GET, POST, PUT, and DELETE methods

73. [Exhibit] How many JSON objects are presented?
A. 1
B. 2
C. 3
*D. 4

74. Which advantage does the network assurance capability of Cisco DNA Center provide over traditional campus management?
A. Cisco DNA Center correlates information from different management protocols to obtain insights, and traditional campus management requires manual analysis.
B. Cisco DNA Center handles management tasks at the controller to reduce the load on infrastructure devices, and traditional campus management uses the data backbone.
*C. Cisco DNA Center leverages YANG and NETCONF to assess the status of fabric and nonfabric devices, and traditional campus management uses CLI exclusively.
D. Cisco DNA Center automatically compares security postures among network devices, and traditional campus management needs manual comparisons.

75. Which protocol does a REST API use to communicate?
A. SSH
B. SNMP
*C. HTTP
D. STP

76. [Exhibit] How many objects are present in the given JSON-encoded data?
A. one
*B. four
C. seven
D. nine

77. What should a network administrator consider when deciding to implement automation?
A. Automated systems may have difficulty expanding network changes at scale.
B. Network automation typically is limited to the configuration and management of virtual devices within a network.
C. Network automation typically increases enterprise management operating costs.
*D. Manual changes frequently lead to configuration errors and inconsistencies.

78. What is a function of a southbound API?
A. Automate configuration changes between a server and a switching fabric.
B. Use orchestration to provision a virtual server configuration from a web server.
*C. Manage flow control between an SDN controller and a switching fabric.
D. Facilitate the information exchange between an SDN controller and application.

79. What is the purpose of the URI string in a REST request?
A. To identify a resource on a target server.
B. To transport data or payload to a remote resource.
*C. To specify the way in which a remote resource is modified.
D. To respond with the data content encoding for a request.

80. [Exhibit] A network engineer must configure NETCONF. After creating the configuration, the engineer gets output from the command show line but not from show running- config. Which command completes the configuration?
A. Device(config)# netconf lock-time 500
*B. Device(config)# netconf max-message 1000
C. Device(config)# no netconf ssh acl 1
D. Device(config)# netconf max-sessions 100

81. Which two capabilities of Cisco DNA Center make it more extensible as compared to traditional campus device management? (Choose two.)
*A. REST APIs that allow for external applications to interact natively
B. adapters that support all families of Cisco IOS software
*C. SDKs that support interaction with third-party network equipment
D. customized versions for small, medium, and large enterprises
E. modular design that is upgradable as needed

82. Which part of the HTTP request is used in REST API basic authentication to carry credentials?
A. cookie
B. content-type
C. authorization
*D. accept

83. Which protocol does Ansible use to push modules to nodes in a network?
*A. SSH
B. SNMP
C. Kerberos
D. Telnet

84. [Exhibit] How many arrays are present in the JSON data?
A. one
B. three
*C. six
D. nine

85. What is the functionality of the Cisco DNA Center?
A. data center network pokey con
B. console server that permits secure access to all network devices
C. IP address cool distribution scheduler
*D. software-defined controller for automaton of devices and services

86. [Exhibit] What is represented by "R1" and "SW1" within the JSON output?
A. key
B. array
*C. value
D. object

87. How do traditional campus device management and Cisco DNA Center device management differ in regards to deployment?
A. Traditional campus device management schemes typically deploy patches and updates quicker than Cisco DNA Center device management.
B. Cisco DNA Center device management is implemented at a lower cost than most traditional campus device management options.
C. Traditional campus device management allows a network to scale quicker than using Cisco DNA Center device management.
*D. Cisco DNA Center device management deploys a network faster than traditional campus device management.

88. [Exhibit] What is represented by “R1” and “SW1” within the JSON output?
A. object
*B. value
C. key
D. array

89. What are two advantages of implementing a controller-based architecture instead of a traditional network architecture? (Choose two.)
A. It allows for seamless connectivity to virtual machines.
B. It supports complex and high-scale IP addressing schemes.
*C. It enables configuration task automation.
*D. It provides increased scalability and management options.
E. It increases security against denial-of-service attacks.

90. What is the role of disaggregation in controller-based networking?
*A. It divides the control-plane and data-plane functions.
B. It summarizes the routes between the core and distribution layers of the network topology.
C. It enables a network topology to quickly adjust from a ring network to a star network
D. It streamlines traffic handling by assigning individual devices to perform either Layer 2 or Layer 3 functions.

91. [Exhibit] Which type of JSON data is shown?
A. sequence
B. string
*C. object
D. Boolean

92. [Exhibit] How many JSON objects are represented?
A. 1
B. 2
C. 3
*D. 4

93. What are two characteristics of a controller-based network? (Choose two.)
A. It uses Telnet to report system issues
*B. It uses northbound and southbound APIs to communicate between architectural layers
C. It decentralizes the control plane, which allows each device to make its own forwarding decisions
*D. It moves the control plane to a central point
E. The administrator can make configuration updates from the CLI

94. Why choose Cisco DNA Center for automated lifecycle management?
A. To perform upgrades without service interruption
*B. To provide fast and accurate deployment of patches and updates
C. To allow SSH access to all nodes in the network.
D. To provide software redundancy in the network.

95. Which REST method updates an object in the Cisco DNA Center Intent API?
A. CHANGE
B. UPDATE
C. POST
*D. PUT

96. Which two HTTP methods are suitable for actions performed by REST-based APIs? (Choose two.)
A. REMOVE
B. REDIRECT
*C. OPOST
*D. GET
E. UPOP

97. [Exhibit] How many objects, Keys and JSON list values are present?
A. three objects, two Keys, and three JSON list values
B. three objects, three keys and two JSON Ml values
*C. one object, three keys, and three JSON list values
D. one object, three keys and two JSON list values

98. What is used as a solution for protecting an individual network endpoint from attack?
A. Router
B. Wireless controller
*C. Anti software
D. Cisco DNA Center

99. Which plane is centralized in software-defined networking (SDN)?
A. Data
*B. Control
C. Application
D. Services

100. Which benefit does Cisco ONA Center provide over traditional campus management?
A. Cisco DNA Center leverages SNMPv3 tor encrypted management, and traditional campus management uses SNMPv2.
*B. Cisco DNA Center automates HTTPS for secure web access, and traditional campus management uses HTTP.
C. Cisco DNA Center leverages APIs, and traditional campus management requires manual data gathering.
D. Cisco DNA Center automates SSH access for encrypted entry, and SSH Is absent from traditional campus management.

101. Which interface enables communication between a program on the controller and a program on the networking devices?
A. northbound interface
*B. software virtual interface
C. southbound interface
D. tunnel Interface

102. What is the function of northbound API?
A. It upgrades software and restores files.
B. It relies on global provisioning and configuration.
C. It supports distributed processing for configuration.
*D. It provides a path between an SDN controller and network applications.

103. Which protocol should be used to transfer large files on a company intranet that allows TCP ports 20 and 21 through the firewall?
A. REST API
*B. FTP
C. SMTP
D. TFTP

104. What is the function of "off-the-shell" switches in a controller-based network?
A. providing a central view of the deployed network
B. forwarding packets
C. making routing decisions
*D. setting packet-handling policies

105. What describes the functionality of southbound APIs?
A. They use HTTP messages to communicate.
*B. They enable communication between the controller and the network device.
C. They convey information from the controller to the SDN applications.
D. They communicate with the management plane.

106. Which CRUD operation corresponds to me HTTP GET method?
A. delete
B. create
C. update
*D. read

107. [Exhibit] What is represented by the word "switch’’ in line 2 of the JSON schema?
A. array
B. key
*C. value
D. object

108. [Exhibit] Which type of JSON data is represented?
A. string
*B. array
C. number
D. object

109. A network engineer must configure an access list on a new Cisco IOS router. The access list must deny HTTP traffic to network 10.125.128.32/27 from the 192.168.240.0/20 network, but it must allow the 192.168.240.0/20 network to reach the rest of the 10.0.0.0/8 network. Which configuration must the engineer apply? A) B) C) D)
A. Option A
B. Option B
*C. Option C
D. Option D

110. What is an Ansible inventory?
A. file that defines the target devices upon which commands and tasks are executed
B. unit of Python code to be executed within Ansible
*C. collection of actions to perform on target devices, expressed in YAML format
D. device with Ansible installed that manages target devices

111. Why would a network administrator choose to implement automation in a network environment?
*A. To simplify the process of maintaining a consistent configuration state across all devices
B. To centralize device information storage
C. To implement centralized user account management
D. To deploy the management plane separately from the rest of the network Answer: A

112. [Exhibit] Which types of JSON data is shown
A. Object
B. Sequence
*C. String
D. boolean

113. What is the purpose of the Cisco DNA Center controller?
A. to secure physical access to a data center
B. to scan a network and generate a Layer 2 network diagram
*C. to securely manage and deploy network devices
D. to provide Layer 3 services to autonomous access points

114. Which set of methods is supported with the REST API?
A. GET, POST, MOD, ERASE
B. GET, POST, ERASE, CHANGE
*C. GET, PUT, POST, DELETE
D. GET, PUT, ERASE, CHANGE

115. What are two benefits of network automation? (Choose two.)
*A. Faster changes with more reliable results
*B. Reduced operational costs
C. Fewer network failures
D. Reduced hardware footprint
E. Increased network security

116. How does network automation help reduce network downtime?
A. Changes can be implemented in parallel across multiple devices at once, which increases the speed of the change rate.
B. By using automation platforms with intent-based configuration, all changes are checked for possible outages before being implemented.
C. Emails can be generated based on when a network admin performs a network change, which increases visibility.
*D. Configuration templates and testing can be built into implementation, which increases the success rate of a network change.

117. What is the RFC 4627 default encoding for JSON text?
A. UCS-2
*B. UTF-8
C. Hex
D. GB18030

118. What is the main difference between traditional networks and controller-based networking?
A. Controller-based networks increase TCO for the company, and traditional networks require less investment.
B. Controller-based networks provide a framework for Innovation, and traditional networks create efficiency.
*C. Controller-based networks are open for application requests, and traditional networks operate manually.
D. Controller-based networks are a closed ecosystem, and traditional networks take advantage of programmability.

119. What is the difference between controller-based networks and traditional networks as they relate to control-plane and/or data-plane functions?
*A. Controller-based networks centralize all important data-plane functions, and traditional networks distribute data-plane functions.
B. Controller-based networks centralize all important control-plane functions, and traditional networks distribute control-plane functions.
C. Traditional networks centralize all important control-plane functions, and controller- based networks distribute control-plane functions.
D. Traditional networks centralize all important data-plane functions, and controller-based networks distribute data-plane functions.

120. What is the advantage of separating the control plane from the data plane within an SDN network?
*A. decreases overall network complexity
B. limits data queries to the control plane
C. reduces cost
D. offloads the creation of virtual machines to the data plane

121. Which header must be included in a REST request from an application that requires JSON- formatted content?
*A. Content-Type: application/json
B. Accept-Encoding: application/json
C. Accept: application/json
D. Accept-Language: application/json

122. How does automation affect network management processes?
A. It interoperates with ISE to define and manage patch and update schedules.
B. It performs configuration updates based on user profiles.
*C. It improves the efficiency of system lifecycle management.
D. It provides a reactive support model.

123. [Exhibit] What is represented in line 2 within this JSON schema?
*A. key
B. value
C. object
D. array

124. What is represented by the word "LB13" within this JSON schema?
*A. value
B. object
C. array
D. key

125. What is an advantage of using SDN versus traditional networking when it comes to security?
A. SDN security is managed near the perimeter of the network with firewalls, VPNs, and IPS, and traditional networking security policies are created based on telemetry data.
B. SDN exposes an API to configure locally per device for security policies, and traditional networking uses northbound API for network admin interface for configuring security policies.
*C. SDN creates a unified control point making security policies consistent across all devices, and traditional networking must be configured device by device, leaving room for error.
D. SDN devices communicate with each other to establish a security policy, and in traditional networking, devices communicate upstream to a central location to establish a security policy.

126. Which key function is provided by the data plane?
A. Making routing decisions
B. Originating packets
*C. Forwarding traffic to the next hop
D. Exchanging routing table data

127. What is a function of a Next-Generation IPS?
A. Integrates with a RADIUS server to enforce Layer 2 device authentication rules
B. Serves as a controller within a controller-based network
C. Makes forwarding decisions based on learned MAC addresses
*D. Correlates user activity with network events

128. Which two features are provided by Ansible in network automation? (Choose two.)
*A. supplying network credentials
B. role-based access control
*C. agentless deployment
D. manual playbook runs
E. launching job templates using version control

129. What is represented by the word "switch" within this JSON schema?
A. array
B. value
*C. key
D. object

130. Which two northbound APIs are found in a software-defined network? (Choose two.)
A. OpenFlow
*B. REST
C. OpFlex
*D. SOAP
E. NETCONF

131. What is a function of a northbound API in an SDN environment?
A. It supports distributed processing for configuration.
B. It relies on global provisioning and configuration.
C. It upgrades software and restores files.
*D. It provides orchestration and network automation services.

132. Which protocol should be used to transfer large files on a company intranet that allows UDP 69 through the firewall?
*A. FTP
B. TFTP
C. REST API
D. SMTP

133. What is an advantage of using SDN versus traditional networking when it comes to security?
A. Security is managed near the perimeter of the network with firewalls, VPNs, and IPS.
B. Devices communicate with each other to establish a security policy.
*C. It creates a unified control point making security policies consistent across all devices.
D. It exposes an API to configure locally per device for security policies.

134. What is represented in line 3 within this JSON schema?
A. object
B. key
C. array
*D. value

135. How does automation leverage data models to reduce the operational complexity of a managed network?
A. Reduces the response time for specific requests to devices with many interfaces
B. Categorizes traffic and provides insights
*C. Allows the controller to be vendor-agnostic
D. Streamlines monitoring using SNMP and other polling tools

